[Music]
disturbing breakdown here we come
i told y'all to be in hong kong on
friday and we got a very cool
category three film red to kill a story
about kylok a welfare worker who helps
the mentally challenged
ming ming settle into her new home
however
a serial rapist and murderer is roaming
around
only raping and killing victims who wear
red
of course red is a very common color for
our two main ladies isn't it this movie
has
rape scenes that are almost on par with
ice spit on your grave
and don't expect a happy ending you got
two beautiful actresses
lily chong and money lo playing mee ming
and kylo respectfully
and bin nung as mr chan directed by
billy tong as well and he literally died
over a month ago
if you want to see what happens
including all the messed up parts
stay tuned for the breakdown
oh no there's a big commotion going down
welfare worker kyle lope races to stop
this mother from throwing her son out
the window
she's ashamed of him for some reason and
threatens to throw him out
meanwhile a lady in a red dress walks
home sexy and bold
it's a shame that a creep watches and
stalks
this creep is called the red rapist and
only targets beautiful ladies wearing
red
this creep walks around breathing that
gives the shape a run for his money
during that whole suicidal commotion he
kidnaps her
breaks her arms and rapes her might be
too explicit for me to show
also the lady jumps with her son and
they both
die colloque oh gee look
i'm calling her that for the rest of the
video she plans on quitting because she
isn't making
any kind of progress helping people that
need help
before she can quit her boss gives her
one last assignment
help ming ming i'll just call her ming
from now on
but ming is a mentally challenged girl
who just unknowingly lost
her father in a car accident she's one
of the most adorable characters we've
come across
but doesn't know her father is dead she
thinks he's been stuck in the bread
aisle for the past
18 hours og loke helps ming settle in at
the home of the mentally challenged
as they walk upon those doors they see a
body has been discovered
probably that red dress lady from the
beginning but this [ __ ] crowd thinks
these harmless kids are the corporates
they are dangerous these idiots will end
up killing someone
one smiled at me stupidly not any
welcoming that ming needs here
but mr chan he helps us settle in too
og lo goes back home ignoring her
mother's messages when she hears that
our precious ming has gone missing
she goes searching all over from me
including her old home
they have a heart to heart where luke
tells her to continue
practicing her dancing and that we were
gangsters for life
after that ming has found a place at her
new home
making new friends and admire
new friends and admire your admirer
in my year and my word just so y'all
know
when you're behind a mic sometimes it's
just hard to say [ __ ]
lovers [ __ ] guess you can find little
pervs everywhere because this guy wants
to touch
means balls but not the kind you kick
around o.g lok
practices her dance with her also and
also becomes a target for the red rapist
that's until a drunk cardi b comes in
throwing insults around
but gets caught by the killer her damn
self the rape and murder is off screen
but the aftermath is right after
the most disturbing part of the movie so
far is how disrespectful
karen and tucker is in their treatment
of the people at the mentally challenged
building
calling them things and filth so ready
to square up with them for no reason you
people make me [ __ ] sick
how about we get some uh uh ultimate
detectives up in here let's get some
investigations rolling on fellas
one thing i like about ming is that she
helps everyone feel better
when they get away from the bullies and
other sadness plus
she embodies that naruto rhetoric never
give up type stuff
none of the people here are the killer
nobody even has this killer build
pretty obvious who that is right later
the daughter of karen from earlier is
grabbed by that drunk pervy guy who
tried to fill up ming's
balls he really didn't mean too much
harm but
that didn't stop everybody in the
building from thinking he's the red
rapist
the kids from the mentally challenged
building alerted everybody
and oh looky here now that she knows who
it really is
she takes back all those evil words she
said about the mentally challenged
well [ __ ] if it's cool with y'all then
whatever i wonder where mr chan is
oh here he is breathing heavy and hiding
i wonder why oh wow i never imagined the
red rapist to be mr chan
of course ming ming is the victim he
wants really bad
ming catches him looking at her dance
and invites him to watch
seeing her red underwear though got him
making a hilarious
yet evil sick face ming is too innocent
to even imagine the wickedness inside mr
chan later on ming does her performance
at the mentally challenged talent
competition
she wins after mr chan leaves to go
imagine his descent into the dark side
when he was just a wee lad he couldn't
do anything but watch his mother
cheat on his father right there right in
front of them
when the father comes to stop the affair
the two
chop him to death right in front of his
kids that's not enough
because his mother then kills his little
brother
right in front of him too with his last
ounce of strength
the father pulls the mother down who
falls down
right on the same blade she used to kill
oh yeah she was wearing red too
in the midst of this painful memory ming
comes in wearing
all red he painfully tells her to leave
since he doesn't want to rape
the most good person regardless he can't
control himself
and we have a harsh rape scene almost on
par with something and i spit on your
grave and maybe even
irreversible it's a little tough to get
through ripping her clothes off and
having to see
someone who has no idea what is going on
be attacked in this way
then there's that sickening smile okay
we'll stop there because spooky actually
got a little emotional
imagining the agony of this scene she
feels
dirty ashamed and slashes at her
pubic hair because that whole area feels
dirty everybody in the building knows
something went down
and og loke is the first to talk
directly to ming about what happened
mr chan is a special villain in this
disturbing library
me and rice we have a nice masenko
waiting right
for him now we go to court ming has to
tell exactly what happened
but she can barely form a sentence
through the pain of remembering
now i'm starting to understand why
people hate defense attorneys
i'm sure the greatest defense attorney
out there is phoenix wright no hands
down
at this point i'm pretty pissed like
deadass
this [ __ ] basically tells her that
you're a girl
you got breasts your breasts must have
touched his arm
therefore you want it to get [ __ ]
that's basically what he says
it's like what she can barely even say a
word and he is accusing her of seducing
mr chan
when she is literally probably too
innocent to even know about sex
they even say in the court she has the
mind of a 10 year old it all makes her
scream in horror
if that ain't proof then i don't know
what is i'm sure her clothes didn't rip
off by themselves
i'll read to you verbatim the conclusion
of the judge
since it is too painful for her to
reconsider her crime
it is inadequate to submit her evidence
and the defendant must be set free
you all hear that that scissors
is looking for a fresh pair of balls to
rip off and ding ding ding mr chan come
right on
up mr chan goes free but gladly
ming has people that support and care
for her dead inside
everybody desperately wishes for her to
come back of course
mr chan is free to rape again he comes
into meme's room late one night
apologizing but still monstrous he has
some sick love for her because she's so
pure and innocent oh gee look comes in
but it doesn't sway this demon no matter
how much she threatens him
mr chan's abuse has caused ming to start
slashing
herself and have a fear of the color red
in general
so next we see mr chan at the bar
completely devolved into his sick
behavior
then a very sexy lady in red just
seems to call his attention she can get
by his weird behavior too
she goes right to mr chan's place too
acting all sexy and stuff
is that og lope i had no idea she must
be like
i don't know like trying to prove that
he's a rapist or something
but her plan fails when he closes the
window on her
and everybody waiting sees the plan fall
apart
inside he shaves off his hair manically
completely turning into this insane
monster
anyway og lok goes looking all over from
ming
but mr chan jump scares them he
completely devolved into this
horny maniac might be a good idea to run
before you get
heated all across the room ming watches
as mr chan rips away luke's clothes
intent to rape her before deciding to
strip new to shift his attention
he's pretty strong and durable but the
plan eventually works and luke sneaks
away
and look at that shocked face
starts suffocating her to death but no
matter how much ming fights back
then she stabs him in the eye on
accident
and he throws her through a window
giving her very serious injuries
soon lok streams for him to come on take
me
the idiot jumps right for her but falls
directly on a table saw
where she activates and destroys his
neck
covering her in red all over okay
all right clean yourself off man you did
luke runs over to ming but struggles to
wake her up
soon they all go to the hospital where
we learn ming is in a sort of coma
and if she does wake up it's likely she
will be in a vegetative state
it's sad cause everyone gives her
reasons to wake up
and eventually she does wake up only for
the movie to shoot us right in the face
and have her immediately die right after
and that's it the movie ends just like
that as they all express
anger and sadness a mentally challenged
girl with a lot of promise
very adorable and she just represented
straight hope
lost her father goes to live somewhere
else only to be raped
and then she dies from them it's like
you know
that's the kind of [ __ ] that should make
you like what's the point of this [ __ ]
you know
well ming you're still my homie you're
my homie you're up there with us
oh gee look you look and sounded just
like bo from untold stories
y'all remember bo anyway let's talk
about the most disturbed moment
and most enjoy a moment and that's
spooky stuff
[Music]
these hong kong horrors feel like an
untapped source of disturbing
i've never heard about this film before
but it hits the fields
brought focus on real life issues that
were probably relevant at the time
and was just genuinely pretty good i see
a lot of hong kong in china in the
disturbing library future
the most disturbing moment is the entire
rape of meming
the sequence starting with the rape all
the way to the core scene
also like i spit on your grave and maybe
a little of irreversible
the women are slightly being blamed for
being raped
i actually had a nightmare after
watching this movie most enjoyed moment
definitely the whole final showdown
killing the bad guy in that way
pretty cool but throwing both ladies all
around the room
it was just a little funny just a tad
bit funny and that's it
i hope you guys enjoyed this video if
you did maybe consider liking it and
subscribing if you haven't
untold story our last hong kong category
3 film right there on your forehead
thanks for watching spooky out